We live in a world defined by time, space, and distance.
A safe environment where we all live together should be within our reach.
Today, thanks to a major collaborative effort between
business leaders, medical professionals, engineers, and scientists,
there is a new, accurate, and inexpensive way to ensure a safe space in your daily activities,
on your mobile device.
SafeSphere is the first technology using mobile devices
to identify how close we are to each other
reducing risk and exposure to businesses and their customers.
Using precise acoustic signals, SafeSphere's proprietary technology
accurately determines your proximity to others
and alerts you to keep the safe distance you define.
SafeSphere easily integrates with existing mobile apps,
to help create a safer environment
with minimal costs and physical changes to your facilities.
SafeSphere was designed from the ground up to help keep everyone safe:
employees,
customers,
students,
patients,
as well as families and friends.
SafeSphere lets smartphones monitor distance between users to keep us safer when:
studying,
working,
dining,
shopping,
traveling,
playing,
staying active,
enjoying the outdoors.
SafeSphere brings the world closer
but not too close.
Have a question?
Ask away.